h1. rah_gps

p. A plugin for "Textpattern CMS":http://www.textpattern.com. Extracts HTTP POST/GET variables as Textpattern's "variables":http://textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=variable tags.

p. Rah_gps project is based on Adi Gilbert's great work on "adi_gps":http://www.greatoceanmedia.com.au/. The project orginates from a security patch (for adi_gps) that was sent to Adi in the late 2011. As of January 29, 2011 this patch hasn't been released, and therefor "I'm":http://twitter.com/gocom, giving my own taken into POST and GET extracting and trying to do it as securely as possible. In a form of new rah plugin. I personally hope that Adi can get some free time and release updated version of adi_gps.

p. Feature-wise rah_gps isn't 1on1 identical with adi_gps. Apart from security fixes, it also has, in a sense, less features. For example, it has no global extracting, it can not overwrite variables anonymously and it never returns anything.

h2. Requirements

p. Rah_gps at minimum requires Textpattern version 4.0.7 or newer. Textpattern 4.4.1 or newer is highly recommended.

h2. Attributes

p. The tag, @<txp:rah_gps />@, is a single, self-closing tag. It's used to export POST and GET values as variables. The tag itself doesn't return anything. Attributes for it follow.

p. *name*
Comma-separated list of HTTP POST/GET parameters to export. If left empty, all requested paramaters are exported as variables, expect for those that already exists as variables. Already existing variables are not overwritten when @name@ is specified.
Default: @name=""@ Example: @"q, page, form_id, location"@

p. *escape*
If set to @1@, extracted POST/GET values are escaped from Textpattern and HTML markup, and special characters are converted to HTML entities. By default this option is on (@1@), and usually it should not be turned off. Never set @escape@ to @0@ (off) if you plan to return the values on your page template.
Default: @escape="1"@ Example: @"0"@

p. *type*
Where to get the values, from POST or GET requests. Available values are @gps@ and @ps@. If set to @ps@ values are retrieved from POST. If set to @gps@ values are retrieved from GET, and from POST if they are not first found in GET.

h2. Examples

h3. Example: #1: Extracting all GET/POST values

bc. <txp:rah_gps />

p. If requested page's URL is @?location=foobar&pid=barfoo@, above would create and populate two variables,
@<txp:variable name="location" />@ and @<txp:variable name="pid" />@.

h3. Example #2: Extract only specific values

bc. <txp:rah_gps name="foo, bar" />

p. Above would export GET/POST values values @foo@ and @bar@, and create two new "variables":http://textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=variable named @foo@ and @bar@.